# Project Proposal

## What and why?

What: An app where users can choose or create their own workout challenges and they can send their challenges to their friends! After they complete the challenges, they can click workout complete or something like that. Once you and your friends have done the workout together, you can collect points for different sets of challenges and share the challenges to a timeline where you can see what your friends have done too. Users can later pick up these challenges by their friends by either completing with them, with themnselves, or with other people! Points can be redeemed for prizes and gears by collabaration with fitness coaches, gyms, workout gym companies, etc. If we really go that far, large events such as marathons for cancer or mental health challenges can be hosted and expanded on our platform too. 

Why: I want to transform this hobby of mine into a social network where people can feel motivated since we love working out with peopole. A lot of people struggle to keep a consistent routine of exercising, and we all know that humans are highly social animals. We see what our friends are doing, and we want to do that too. Personally, I have tried to bring my friends to gym with me but it always failed eventually. It was always a one-time thing. If we can create a type of social platform where people constantly see the effort their friends are taking to better their health and physique, I believe that the incentive is huge and people would feel more inclined to maintain a consistent habit.  
